freecad: make customizable (#347776)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2411.section.md

- `qgis` and `qgis-ltr` are now built without `grass` by default. `grass` support can be enabled with `qgis.override { withGrass = true; }`.

> - `freecad` is now customizable package, which allows to call `customize` and save its configuration and modules in nix-way.

Reviewer: It needs a better rewording.

Author: I am not very good in English. Can you suggest something specific, please?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `freecad` now supports addons and custom configuration in nix-way, which can be used by calling `freecad.customize`.
```

Author: @BonusPlay thank you!
